Henry made it into the Premiership now
and you scored your first Premiership
points but there's a fantastic
performance from the boys yeah it means
a great service whether it be so bad
it's just that really well so got shots
and we got we got there steel-tipped
well yes voices buzz was divided
together most of those last few weeks
you've sat on the sidelines always go
really well in the Premiership but when
the nod comes from the vents you're
going on how did you feel a little bit
nervous but I've had the feelings of
times we'll see if you're doing Santa
banks last couple weeks and almost going
on and so I didn't feel too bad the
speaker's because I think probably the
right time it's winter and I've seen
side 32 Barbara Thompson it's exciting
times at the moment and two massive
games to go now but that Europe and the
Heineken comfortable is right on there
yeah I mean we show that the top of good
wins over the last couple of weeks and
if we just keep keep that level of
performance and hopefully his job I know
you're only a few minutes on there but
what's your first touch yeah it was
going first right there in an empty all
day but in terms of the game itself
looking from the sidelines and wooden
went out a loser I was tough balancing
iris a tough science and religion resume
and obviously or the boys just really
glad that we've done away with results
and kept our hopes of getting top sex a
lively young bucks are coming through
nicely jackknives been obviously there
for a few months now and Dave Ewers
getting his first Premiership try it
it's great to see the Academy working
and you've been part of that yeah
definitely a scrape down those boys up
see we lived together everything the dev
them everything together so it's nice to
me I've actually playing on the pitch we
all those boys and
multiple more service next week london
wash away another massive Tesla we've
got a then you have a good training week
this week and go into that with the same
a student came to this one strong
carriages attack of gaming silver didn't
Ali he was obviously done a lot of work
with you how much of that you put a lot
of that down to his coaching that you've
come through so quickly than ya rasul
time I sound stuff with another bitch
just help you know it's been a spin
along season wonderful American
hopefully keep getting on the last
couple minutes of a lot of the last
couple of much as I see sure I can be in
the World Cup later this summer thoughts
on that policy last year's disappointing
if we put up a bit like this year we
went well the Six Nations hope we just
carried out that form straight through
into water
you